Update section on documenting Python projects (#403)
NLeSC/guide: language_guides/python.md

    - http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/writing/logging
    - [Python logging best practices](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/python-logging-best-practices/)

## Documentation

It is recommended that you [write documentation](https://book.the-turing-way.org/reproducible-research/code-documentation) for your projects and publish it on an interactive webpage.
A popular and recommended solution for hosting documentation is [Read the Docs](https://readthedocs.org).
It can automatically build documentation for projects hosted on [GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/git-integration.html).

### Building documentation

There are several tools for building webpages with documentation.
At the eScience Center, we mostly use [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/quickstart.html) (more established) and [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/getting-started/) (newer).

> User guides and other text documents are typically written in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/getting-started/) or [reStructuredText](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html). Spinx supports both formats, while MkDocs only supports Markdown. Markdown has the advantage that it easier to read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User guides and other text documents are typically written in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/getting-started/) or [reStructuredText](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html). Sphinx supports both formats, while MkDocs only supports Markdown. Markdown has the advantage that it's easier to read
```

## Writing Documentation

It is recommended that you write documentation for your projects and publish it on an interactive webpage.
A popular and recommended solution for hosting documentation is [Read the Docs](https://readthedocs.org).

> It can automatically build documentation for projects hosted on [GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/git-integration.html).

Author: I do not think we should recommend GitHub pages because it lacks a decent preview option for pull requests, meaning that contributors and reviewers need to locally build the documentation which is a pain, same as we're having here with the Guide. Unless I missed something?

> It can automatically build documentation for projects hosted on [GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/git-integration.html).

Reviewer: Netlify has a free service that works pretty well for deploy previews in PRs. I just happen to have activated it for the RSQkit today, during a meeting in less than half an hour (while discussing other points in the meeting). Just to say: this is a very straightforward fix to that downside :) I guess a testing deployment would also be possible, just put it in a PRs subfolder? There's also this existing action that does just that (or something like it): https://github.com/marketplace/actions/deploy-pr-preview

So, there's options.

There's also other reasons people want to use it, e.g. because then everything is integrated on one platform, or because they don't like readthedocs (the config can be a bit fiddly and sometimes the builds don't trigger, although perhaps this is outdated experience...), or whatever other reason.

Anyway, I'm not strong on this point, if you want to leave it out for now, that's fine with me.

### Building documentation

There are several tools for building webpages with documentation.
At the eScience Center, we mostly use [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/quickstart.html) (more established) and [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/getting-started/) (newer).

User guides and other text documents are typically written in [reStructuredText](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html) or [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/getting-started/). Spinx supports both formats, while MkDocs only supports Markdown.

> Python uses [Docstrings](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/development/contributing_docstring.html#about-docstrings-and-standards) for code documentation. You can read a detailed description of docstring usage in [PEP 257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/). Both Spinx and MkDocs can generate documentation from docstrings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python uses [Docstrings](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/development/contributing_docstring.html#about-docstrings-and-standards) for code documentation. You can read a detailed description of docstring usage in [PEP 257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/). Both Sphinx and MkDocs can generate documentation webpages from docstrings.
```

There are two popular Sphinx extensions for generating documentation: [autoapi](https://sphinx-autoapi.readthedocs.io) (newer and more lightweight) and [autodoc](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/autodoc.html) (more established).
For MkDocs the [mkdocstrings](https://mkdocstrings.github.io/) package is available.
We recommend using the [NumPy documentation style](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html#docstring-standard), as that is widely used in the scientific Python ecosystem.

You can also integrate entire Jupyter notebooks into your documentation with [nbsphinx](https://nbsphinx.readthedocs.io) or

> [mkdocs-jupyte](https://github.com/danielfrg/mkdocs-jupyter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[mkdocs-jupyter](https://github.com/danielfrg/mkdocs-jupyter).
```
